# DISCUSSIONS
## Team Meeting
    1) Brady Beecham - Charge Controller Subsystem
      a) Decide on IC chips that will be used on Charge Controller and verify designs will work.
    2) Abdulrahman Alrudayan - Main Power Subsystem
      a) Good faith effort has been updated with Roberts after more conversations about the subsystem.
    3) Khalifah Altamimi - Solar Power and Power Controller Subsystems
      a) Power for all subsystems has been updated with new values.
    4) Kyle Plant - Data Interpretation/Transmission Subsystem
      a) Complete Analysis of constraints for the subsystem to be signed off.
      b) Find maximum range for LoRaWAN communication distance.
    5) Michael Sisk - Loop Controller Subsystem
      a) Look into the idea made mention by Roberts about using a square wave oscillator with a microcontroller while also continuing progress with the Dual Loop Detector.
    6) Final Presentation
      a) Finish Github customization and updates
      b) Final Presentation
        i) Meeting on 11/30/2023 to discuss presentation PowerPoint
        ii) Meeting on either 12/02/2023 or 12/03/2023 to complete the Final Presentation video
    7) Meeting with CSC team
      a) CSC team wants to meet for updates between both teams.
      b) Kyle and Michael will meet at 11 am on 11/28/2023 with the CSC team.
# DECISIONS
    1) Final Presentation
      a) Meeting on 11/30/2023 to discuss presentation PowerPoint
      b) Meeting on either 12/02/2023 or 12/03/2023 to complete the Final Presentation video
    2) Meeting with CSC team
      a) CSC team wants to meet for updates between both teams.
      b) Kyle and Michael will meet at 11 am on 11/28/2023 with the CSC team.
