# DISCUSSIONS
## Team Meeting
### 1) Brady Beecham - Charge Controller Subsystem and Solar Power Subsystem
  #### a) Assist Khalifah with testing of subsystem
  #### b) Help Kyle with coding for Data Subsystem
  #### c) Complete SMD soldering for one component on the Loop Controller
  #### d) Assist others in fabrication of other PCB fabrication
### 2) Abdulrahman Alrudayan - Main Power Subsystem
  #### a) Help others with PCB fabrication until parts arrive.
### 3) Khalifah Altamimi - Power Controller Subsystem
  #### a) Change resistors out for voltage change
  #### b) Help with soldering other PCB boards
### 4) Kyle Plant - Data Interpretation/Transmission Subsystem
  #### a) ESP32 LoRaWAN communication needs to be established
  #### b) Review code of Charge Controller for Brady
  #### c) Write the code for the communication of ESP32
  #### d) Establish Github documentation for code in the event that something happens
### 5) Michael Sisk - Loop Controller Subsystem
  #### a) Start assembly of Loop Controller once everything has arrived
## NAVSEA Meeting
  1) N/A as team does not meet with NAVSEA this week
# DECISIONS
  1) Power Controller and Loop Controller are almost complete and fully functional.
  2) Have as many subsystems functional as possible before the deadline on 03/05/24.
