# DISCUSSIONS
 ## Team Meeting
  ### 1) Brady Beecham - Charge Controller Subsystem and Solar Power Subsystem
    a) Design is complete, pull request has yet to be created.
    b) Prefer creating numerous PCBs for the controller to have better capabilities of diagnosing issues and not having to redo an entire PCB due to one error that could have been prevented by using numerous PCBs.
  ### 2) Abdulrahman Alrudayan - Main Power Subsystem
    a) N/A; Not Present for this meeting
  ### 3) Khalifah Altamimi - Power Controller Subsystems
    a) Power Controller Subsystem is complete
    b) Parts will be ordered before the next meeting.
  ### 4) Kyle Plant - Data Interpretation/Transmission Subsystem
    a) Waiting on parts to be delivered.
    b) Once parts are in, building of the Data Interpretation/Transmission System will begin.
  ### 5) Michael Sisk - Loop Controller Subsystem
    a) Presented schematic and PCB design to team
    b) Not required, but look into decreasing the size of PCB by moving components closer together due to amount of space between components. Also,replace all SMD soldered components with THT soldered components to reduce build time.
## NAVSEA Meeting
  1) Update of all subsystems and their progress to NAVSEA.
# DECISIONS
  1) Meetings with NAVSEA will be on Friday afternoons after 2:30 pm CT to avoid interfering with course schedules and work schedules. 
